DOC-846 Google OAuth2 Documentation on Consent Screen: improved documenation with reference to user types in consenst screen (#2068)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/integrations/builtin/credentials/google/oauth-single-service.md

	??? Details "View detailed steps"
		1. Select **OAuth consent screen**.

> 		2. As **User Type**, select **Internal** for user access within your organisation's Google workspace or **External** for any user with a Google account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		2. For **User Type**, select **Internal** for user access within your organization's Google workspace or **External** for any user with a Google account.
```

> 	1. If using Google Perspective or Google Ads: [Request API Access for Perspective](https://developers.perspectiveapi.com/s/docs-get-started){:targe=_blank .external-link} or a [Developer Token for Ads](https://developers.google.com/google-ads/api/docs/first-call/dev-token){:targe=_blank .external-link}.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	1. If using Google Perspective or Google Ads: [Request API Access for Perspective](https://developers.perspectiveapi.com/s/docs-get-started){:target=_blank .external-link} or a [Developer Token for Ads](https://developers.google.com/google-ads/api/docs/first-call/dev-token){:target=_blank .external-link}.  
```

Author: This part was copied from https://docs.n8n.io/integrations/builtin/credentials/google/oauth-generic/
So need to adjust the `target` there too! (will make another PR for this)
